Update qft.py (#6434)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* A more sensible error message is raised from a `RecursionError` encountered when accessing properties and methods of a nested `CompositeOp` or `SProd`.
  [(#6375)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6375)

> * Moved the calculation of `shift_len = len(shifts)` outside of a loop in the `compute_decomposition` function, reducing redundant recalculations and improving performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Moved the calculation of `shift_len = len(shifts)` outside of a loop in the `QFT.compute_decomposition` static method, reducing redundant recalculations and improving performance.
```

Just another minor suggestion - will help in the future if we ever need to re-read the changelog. 😄

Author: LGTM!

Emiliano Godinez,
Austin Huang,

> Korbinian Kottmann,
> Jacob Kitchen,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jacob Kitchen,
Korbinian Kottmann,
```

Just a minor suggestion for alphabetical ordering. 😄
